advanced cc lab hw 3: community quiz  
https://astrvea.github.io/advanced-cc-lab/projectThree/  

Description  
The link above is the final product of my website. I created a website where a lyric is given to the player and they guess from which song it is from. I utilized document.getElementbyId and document.querySelector functions in order to use form inputs. This quiz also includes 8 questions, with a form at the end telling the player how many questions they got right. When the quiz is finished, it is able to be replayed again.  

Design Process  
My main source of inspiration was the community that I chose. I grew up loving music and I still actively listen to many genres of it everyday. I also love being part of the community so I thought it would be good to pick the music community to focus on for this project. I was mainly inspired by the many quizzes I took as a kid wondering what type of music genre suits me or guessing which lyric is from which song. I orginally wanted to do a quiz where a user is generated a certain genre of music based on the answers they chose, but there were many errors and complications with the code. Instead, I opted to create a fun activity where the user must guess which lyrics come from which song. This was an activity I thoroughly enjoyed when I was a kid and I was hoping to recreate those same emotions with anyone who might come across my quiz. I came across many difficulties when first writing my code, especially getting the questions I created to show up on my website after I had set a default placeholder for the 8 questions in my index.html. I also had some difficulties with the local storage and the form inputs which also took a significant amount of time to figure out. After much trial and error and fixing whatever issues there were with my code, I managed to make it work. I also wanted my quiz to be simple in form and with the questions it asked, which is why I went with the design it currently has. If I could create a second version, I might work on incorporating audio clips where the user can hear the lyrics played out to make the quiz more interactive.  